Doc 12584 new javascript plugin doc (#916)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/javascript/pages/react.adoc

= React Native
:page-partials:
:page-edition: Public Preview
:page-toclevels: 2@
:description: The React Native plugin for Couchbase Lite is now in public preview. This is an open-source, community-supported project developed by Couchbase.

include::partial$_set_page_context_for_javascript.adoc[]

> == High-Level Overview

Reviewer: I'd probably just say `Overview`

Author: Changed.

> Couchbase Lite Enterprise Edition for React Native is a Native Module implementation using TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couchbase Lite Enterprise Edition for React Native is a Native Module implementation that uses TypeScript.
```

This public preview release enables developers using React to integrate Couchbase Lite into their mobile applications, ensuring they can build offline-first, cross-platform solutions with ease.

> More information on React Native Native Modules can be found https://cbl-reactnative.dev/[here].

Reviewer 2: Likewise, external link, give the users a clue as to where they're headed

```suggestion
More information on React Native Native Modules can be found at https://cbl-reactnative.dev/[Couchbase Lite Enterprise Edition for React Native].
```

* Platform Support - This plugin currently only supports iOS and Android platforms. Web, Windows, and macOS are not currently supported.

* Enterprise License Required - The Native Module is based on supporting Couchbase Lite Enterprise for iOS and Android. It is not compatible with Couchbase Lite Community Edition, and a license is required to use the Enterprise edition.

* Community-Supported -  This open-source plugin is Couchbase community supported and maintained, and it requires an Enterprise Edition Couchbase Lite license. 

> While it is not officially supported by Couchbase, any issues specific to Couchbase Lite are covered under our existing support policy.

Reviewer: This sounds like it *is* supported.

Reviewer 3: @ElliotFrancisHunter  This section is not correct and it's quite confusing.  In general. please apply all the comments on Ionic page to the React Native page

Author: Done

> NOTE: _**Couchbase Community Supported**_ is an Open source integration that is developed by Couchbase. Issues related to the integration can be raised in the relevant GitHub repositories or via Couchbase forums or Discord. Support is provided best effort by development team.

Reviewer 4: bold AND italic? 😱

Reviewer 4: also did you mean the name of the plugin?
And careful on "Community Supported" vs "Community-Supported" consistency.

Author: Removed hyphenation. Keeping the bold AND italic for now as was suggested by PM and is clear/legible in the local docs build.

For more information, see xref:cloud:third-party:integrations.adoc#support-model[Support Models].

== Getting Started
You can use the links below to help you get started with the React Native plugin for Couchbase Lite:

* https://cbl-reactnative.dev[Official Documentation].

* https://github.com/couchbase-examples/expo-cbl-travel[Example Project] -  A hands-on demonstration using Expo to showcase Couchbase Lite in a React Native app.

* https://github.com/Couchbase-Ecosystem/cbl-reactnative[Project Repository].

=== Why Use Expo?

Couchbase recommends using Expo. 
Expo makes working with React Native simpler and more efficient.

> You can find information on the prerequisites and setup, including Expo configuration https://cbl-reactnative.dev/StartHere/prerequisites[here].

Reviewer 2: Giving more of a clue for external links. This is just a suggestion, you could expand on this.

```suggestion
You can find information on the prerequisites and setup, including Expo configuration at https://cbl-reactnative.dev/StartHere/prerequisites[Prerequisites].
```
